Once upon a time there were two little kids named Jesse and Mary Sue.  They were brother and sister. 
Their mom and dad had divorced years ago. And their dad now was seeing someone else.  
She was cruel to them behind their father’s back. She said if they got married, she would make their life’s miserable from the moment she said I do”.
One day their dad called them into his room.  When they got in there he told them to sit on the bed, then he said “there’s going to be a new member in the family and a lot of changes too. 
What I’m trying to say is I’m getting married”. “What”, they said.  "Quite the surprise isn’t it?" said their father.
Father you can’t it’ll ruin our family tree said Jesse. Well I’m sorry kids but I love her, before their father could say anything more they ran out of the house and let the door slam behind them.
After walking a while, they finally stopped and 
realized 
they were a long way from home in a 
part of the neighborhood they had never seen before. 
There
were
fairies as beautiful 
as princesses’ birds with the rainbow colors on their feathers all different kinds of animals, 
beautiful butterflies and the most unexpected fairies they thought they’d only see fairies in there Fairy Tale books.
formula: All
It soon became dark, Jesse and Mary Sue had fallen asleep on a rock. 
When Jesse and Mary Sue woke up in the morning, they saw that all the animals were lying next to them. After they’d been there a while the animals bird 
and fairies started asking how they found their way there.  The children told the truth, they said they’d gotten mad that their father 
was getting married to a women they didn’t like so they ran away and when they stopped they were there.  
After 
telling them
 that the animals
 said they were glad they found their way because now they had someone to play with.
Then they introduced the princess of the fairies, 
her name was Patty. Her dad, the king of the fairies, called her Patty the Pooh.  
She was very pretty, she had short Blonde hair with a crown made out of gold and an outfit fit for a princess. 
The princess said she had good news, one of the fairies was going to have a baby fairy. 
Everyone congratulated her.  
Then she went on, 
we found out a few weeks ago but we didn’t want to jinx it. 
Everyone congratulated her again and went to bed. The next morning she had the baby. 
She decided to name her Julia. 
When she turned one and was able to walk 
Jesse and Mary Sue were still there. 
It was Saturday when Jesse and Mary 
Sue were about to leave and then they heard a familiar voice and decided to stay for another night.
formula: You
Early in the morning the next day, 
they heard it again so they got out of bed to see were it was coming from, 
but on there way out of Fairyland, they woke up. Julia liked to go on adventures so, 
of course, she wanted to come with them. So the three went to see were the voice was coming 
from, they followed the voice to a cave and peeked inside. 
Jesse and Mary Sue could not believe what they saw. 
It was their step mom, she was talking to someone but they weren’t sure whom it was. Julia knew who it was.
formula: Need
Mary
Sue and Jesse 
asked Julia who their step-mom was talking to. 
It’s the demon, she replied, he has a son too. 
When he gets older he’ll do what his dads doing, His dad is very evil. 
Years ago everybody in fairyland challenged him. 
They said whoever won got the land and the other person had to go some were else. 
And the demon lost so he had to move out here. 
But why would our step-mom be talking to him that sounds really weird. 
Maybe she’s a demon too, 
said Jesse. 
No I don’t think that could happen, 
said Julia, 
but maybe because nobody knows who's the little demons mother. 
Julia continued, we have to get home and warn daddy, 
Mary Sue said.
formula: Is
So the next morning they told everyone they had to go, 
they had to go warn their dad. 
So they said their goodbyes and were off but then Julia’s mom stopped them and asked if they would take Julia with them, 
they
said
they would and then her mom continued, 
it would be the biggest adventure she ever had. 
Then Julia
 thanked her mom
 and her mom 
thanked Jesse and 
Mary Sue and then they told them they would be back soon and then they left fairyland.
Now Julia knew this was going to be the biggest adventure she ever had because she’d never been this far out of fairyland before and she was excited.
Jesse and Mary Sue told her that when they were at their house she has to hide and Julia agreed. 
So when they arrived, Julia did as she was told and hid behind a plant in the living room. 
In their father’s room they were telling him about who they had seen and were they had seen her, of course, their father, who found this a little hard to believe,
welcomed them with open arms but then said I think you two are sick. Come and lay down a while.
formula: LOVE
Dad! They both said we’re not sick, 
we really saw her. 
How could you if she was right here by me the whole time you were gone. 
The only time she left was when she went to the store and got groceries.
We don’t under stand, where is she now she went to get groceries.
Fairyland! They both said at the exacted same time. They both ran out the door with Julia following behind them but this time their dad followed them, 
hoping he would find out what was going on.
As soon
 as they got there
 and the dad
 had a chance to catch up
 he asked them what was going on, they said that they
 would explain again later. 
Then they went to the cave were they had seen her but she wasn’t there.
Now their father was beginning to think this was all a joke.
When he saw their step mom and his future wife, 
she was coming out of a secret passage in the cave. 
Then all four of them went back to the fairies and asked them 
if they knew about it. The fairy’s said no except one. 
He said he’d been trying to find out what was
